Although I learned about many new topics throughout these three sessions, from different frameworks to how to select a developer, I am most humbled by learning about how the internet works. This currently seems the most useful for me, in my day to day life as I argue with Time Warner Cable about my terrible internet speed and wait for HBOGO to download. The physical components of router, modem, server, and then the hub and spoke of router and switches make it so the signal is never totally broken should one line fail. The DNS server, or the Domain Name System, is especially interesting as this server actually translates the human memorable domain names and host names into the corresponding Internet Protocol, or IP addresses. Once the signal leaves my lap top and asks a web page to load it travels through the aforementioned physical components and also through a Content Delivery Network, various servers depending on my geographical location, eventually reaching the server where the web page I am trying to download is based, for example the Wall Street Journal as used in class. My computer sends a signal basically asking the server where the Wall Street Journal is based if it's there, if my server can download the information on their server and the two servers basically have a yes/no conversation. The more time this takes, or in other words the more chatter between server, the more "buffering" time I see on my lap top screen. Every time I ask the webpage to re-load re-starts this conversation which happens in a matter of seconds. 
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_LPdttKXPc)
![turtleneck] (http://s.hswstatic.com/gif/internet-diagram.gif)
